Add screenshots to first setup guide (#15)
Vanilla-OS/handbook: _posts/2022-11-18-first-setup.md

layout: article	
authors: 
    - kra-mo
    - kbdharun
---

## Introduction

Congratulations, you have successfully installed Vanilla OS.
This guide will help you set your system up for the first time.

## First Setup app

After booting into Vanilla OS for the first time, you will be presented with a First Setup app. This section will guide you through each step in detail.

![Welcome](/assets/uploads/first-setup-welcome.webp)

### Color Scheme

> Your preferred color scheme. Default \(meaning that apps decide for themselves\) or Dark. This can be changed later in the Settings app.

Author: I think we use "Default" instead of light specifically because apps like Terminal or Photos will remain dark even in "light" theme.

![Color Scheme](/assets/uploads/first-setup-color-scheme.webp)

### Package Manager

> Choose your preferred package managers. These are the ways you will be able to install applications. If unsure, leave it on the default \(Flatpak\). You can install the required dependencies for each one later if you change your mind.

Author: Not in this case, but I generally like to have it there.

![Package Manager](/assets/uploads/first-setup-package-manager.webp)

### Restricted Codecs

> This will install popular patented codecs and fonts. Recommended for most users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will install popular patented codecs, fonts and other tools which are restricted due to legal or copyright reasons and aren't present by default in Vanilla OS. (**Recommended for most users.**)
```
Adding this as `unrar` and some other tools are present in the package too. [Ref](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ubuntu-restricted-extras#Contents)

Reviewer: > I will update the wording a little, but I don't want to scare the user with the word "legal"

Sure, I too think we can update it a bit.

![Restricted Codecs](/assets/uploads/first-setup-restricted-codecs.webp)

### Extra Settings

> Extra system settings. If unsure, it is recommended to leave them on the default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extra system settings for automatic crash detection and bug reporting. If unsure, it is recommended to leave it disabled.
```

![Extra Settings](/assets/uploads/first-setup-extra-settings.webp)

### NVIDIA® Drivers

> If you have an NVIDIA® graphics card, you will be prompted to install proprietary drivers for your card to improve compatibility and performance. Recommended for most users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have an NVIDIA® graphics card, you will be prompted to install proprietary drivers for your card to improve compatibility and performance. (**Recommended for most users.**)
```

> After booting into Vanilla OS for the first time, you will be presented with a First Setup app. This section will guide you through each page in the app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After booting into Vanilla OS for the first time, you will be presented with a First Setup app. This section will guide you through each step in detail.
```
Would this be better?
